About this there's some people don't want him to come back.
Some people think they should, he be,
should be allowed to come back and he served time off. And, and then they,
the argument by a lot of women is yeah, but he hasn't said anything.
Like he had one on anything. Yeah. What is what, you know,
what shows that he's learned? Anything? Like what, what should you have to do?
I don't know. I mean, Louis is very smart.
I'm sure he'll if he wants to keep doing it after this reception,
he'll probably come out with some statement or do something. I don't know.
But the reality is, uh, what did he lose?
They took away networks took away his stuff. Just film distributors.
Weren't going to put out his film. Well, the film, but as a company from.
By all accounts, the film was. Anybody has seen the film. I haven't seen it.
Yeah. I have a few friends that saw it. They're like,
it's just so creepy and weird. Especially in light of like what he was doing.
Yeah. It's just like, no.
But regardless whether it was good or not, I'm just saying,
like the industry said, FX said, I'm taking this show from you. HBO said,
we're taking this stuff off Netflix and we're taking this off. Right.
There's definitely, definitely lost money financially.
Sure. And those are entities that.
But is that punishment or is that them exercising their desire to not work with
someone who's been accused of something that they don't want to be associated
with? Is that a punishment? I don't know. That seems to me that they're,
they're making a decision of who they work with and who they not work with.
Right. It affects him negatively, but it's not necessarily a punishment. Well,
there's.
I don't know it. I think it would feel like a punishment. Sure.
But my point is there's these entities that can prevent him from making a
living as a comedian though, he can walk into a garage.
And if he has fans, they're going to come see him. He has,
he has that under his control. Right? Yeah. Nobody can stop that.
Nobody. So he can do it. It's up to him whether he wants to, or not,
it's up to his fans, whether they show up or not.
And it's up to the people that hate what he did and really against him to not go.
Right. Well, that's why this thing was weird.
But like he just showed up at the cellar,
which is like his favorite place to go. And he just worked. And the.
Audience like Kyle was saying, it's just,
they're trapped in there and they can't get out. They,
they didn't have an option to say, I don't want it. It's really interesting.
All the different spins though, all the different women's spins, you know?
And w one,
one really bizarre spin that I saw was this woman was saying that this is
indicative of the problem of all comedy clubs and aggressive male audience
and women sitting there feeling threatened,
not being able to use their voice. I'm like user voice. Like,
what are you in the heck hall? They were saying like, you, like,
you would be more empowered if there were more women.
So you could heckle is that's not cool.
Like you're not supposed to do that at a comedy club. If you don't like,
someone just don't laugh, you know? But like,
but here's the thing. It's not your job.
Or it's not your place to say that you don't like someone when the other people
do like it. You know, if you're right. If you're to get up and walk out. Yeah.
Just like you're going to see a movie. Like you're an audience member, right?
The deal is you're not there to perform.
The audience is there to just sit there and laugh or not laugh. Right.
But don't be rude to the other people that are enjoying it.
So as soon as you break your sensibilities above the rest of the audience will,
you're a problem. Right. You've made, if you decide like, Hey,
I didn't like this. I'm going to go home and write about it.
That's totally abroad. That's.
Fine. Get up and walk out or that's fine.
Go somewhere else and talk about it on stage yourself. Yeah.
Nothing wrong with any of those things. But this,
this one woman's take was like, women don't feel like they have, uh, uh,
they can, they have the ability to speak out about it. I'm like speak out. Like,
so you're saying like to heckle, Hey, I don't want you on stage.
I know everything about you and your story.
And I want you to perform in front of me. Even those other people are laughing.
Right. And th th th that these aggressive men were yelling.
Good to see you back Louie aggressive men, like, well, okay.
That's like, there's a framing of this.
And this is one of it's becomes this male versus female framing that Louie sort
of represents aggressive men, sexual men, doing things to women.
They don't want, the women are sitting there in silence.
They don't want to be there.
And they don't have a voice because they feel overwhelmed and out overpopulated
or, uh, uh, outnumbered.
Problem is those guys that, that Harvey and him and,
uh, Matt Lauer and people like that,
they are the poster boys for that.
So they're going to be watched very closely. And.
We're fitting to that. I get.
Confused by this one, by all accounts, Matt Lauer had affairs right.
In the office with girls who worked with him.
So what was inappropriate that as he was having sex with his staff. Right.
Right.
But he was also hitting on people that didn't want to be hit on in his office.
Yeah. That was the accusations. Yeah. It wasn't just, he was dating them.
He was also, you know, making,
making weird advancements in the office. Yeah. Okay.
But I mean, all these guys, all these guys, you know,
they're all very complicated. They're all very fuzzy kind of things. But, uh,
you know, those guys are going to be watched very closely as you see,
Louie just goes to this little club and does a set and it's national news and
national debate. It's like, it's, it's, uh,
it's heady stuff.
Teddy stuff. Yeah. What's.
Fascinating is that as a culture,
we're going through this great time of change and this great time
of, uh, introspective thinking and of
observing our behavior and discussing our behavior and watching
this, like, you have the worst case. Examples of which my,
in my opinion is Cosby worst-case example, like drugging people. And yeah.
I mean, there's, there's a woman who was on television, on CNN.
She said something that freaked me out.
Once you said it is entirely possible that bill Cosby is the,
the most prolific serial rapist.
In history. Jeez. And I heard that and I went, maybe she's right.
Maybe she's right.
Like how many,
how many people does a regular rapist rate before they get caught? Yeah.
You know.
Just, I mean, that's the number that came out against him.
I'm sure there's other people that, yeah. Yeah. That's creepy. That's.
Like far end of the spectrum. Right. And then on the other end of the spectrum,
you got like Louie who's, um,
did something was definitely, you wouldn't want to happen to your wife.
Now, your kids, your kids, but your friends. I don't know.
The whole story. You know, Kurt,
Kurt Metzger was telling me that one of the girls who came out against him,
like they had been flirting like the whole weekend and talking about sex,
like the whole weekend. And then he did that.
And then he had sent the girl a text saying, I'm really sorry that I did that.
And she said, don't worry about it. Look, we were talking about sex all weekend.
And then when the accusations came out, obviously there's more accusations.
That seem to be more agregious she threw her hat into the mix as well. Right.
I don't know if that's true or not though.
The problem with a lot of these stories is you're hearing them third, fourth,
fifth hand, you don't, you know, all you know is he said,
those stories are true.
And that he recognized that he did something wrong and he was going to take time
off. So that to me is not a guy defending himself. That's a guy saying, yeah,
I definitely up. I'm going to step back.
So he steps back for nine months or whatever it was. And people were saying,
that's not long enough. You didn't do anything like you gotta. So what,
what should someone do? Like in one of the things that Michael,
Ian black said on Twitter before they tore his Dick off and stuffed it in
his nose,
that was it crazy thing to watch because he's like super progressive,
very liberal. Yeah. And he was saying that, you know,
like that me too has to offer men a road to redemption and you
know, and a lot of these women were saying, no,
like every road to redemption begins with I'm sorry,
which is a very valid point, very valid point. Like you should,
you should have to say, I'm sorry. You know? And I think he's said, I'm sorry,
but I don't know what he said to the women. I don't know what he said.
I don't mean he had the one public statement. Did he say, I'm sorry.
And that wide public statement and.
Times article, it was like, kind of like a availed. I'm sorry. I think,
I don't know. I don't know. You know,
I hesitate to comment on any of it because it's like his mess.
And like, if anyone that comments on it or it comes near it, or like the,
the owner of the comedy cellar, everyone's got to deal with the,
after the aftermath of what this guy did. It's like, why am I, you know,
as the, as the owner of the seller, it's like,
why is he have to get brought into Louise behavior?
I saw at least a half a dozen articles written about what a piece of Che was
for saying that he Louie deserves the opportunity to make a living. Right.
Right. Going.
After Michael Che and his, and his useless opinion like, whoa,
well, you know, but look,
it's there they're allowed their opinion that Michael Che's opinions useless.
I mean, this is one of the beautiful things about free expression. No.
Completely. That's what, that's what I'm,
that's where it's kind of the most interesting for me.
And I don't mean that I take pleasure in any of this cause it's horrible for
everyone involved. But, uh, it's interesting. Like I said,
like there's companies that probably won't go back into business with him.
Right. But as a comedian, you know, he could put a show up in the park.
He could put a show up anywhere he wants.
It's really up to him and people can protest it. They can not show up.
They could buy tickets by the thousands.
It's going to be interesting to see when he takes that part of
his earning and that part of his life in his own hands,
you really can't stop him.
Yeah. Um, in that way, uh it's it's like, it's how you frame it.
So I don't think, I don't think Louie's a bad guy at all. I think what Louis is,
is a pervert. And I think he's, you know, he's into,
I think part of it is like being naughty and doing something that's forbidden
and, you know,
in getting away with it and having these girls like him for being a
comedian and then doing that to them. I mean, this is just my speculation.
There's a lot of weirdness to it, but I don't think that he's like,
I'm an angry person and I don't think he's trying to be hurtful.
I don't think any of that was, I think it was just terrible judgment,
everything. I mean, you can say a lot about it. That's up, but it's like,
what it is is not,
he's not like he's not trying to hurt people.
I think he's just weird, you know? I mean,
let's think about what it is he's asking. Can I jerk off in front of you? Right.
It's like, it's the whole, I mean, it's like, yeah.
When it comes to that kind of creepy is like the most
considerate way to approach it. Can I jerk off in front of you? I mean,
he's like literally asking.
Adorable.
It's so up. I mean, it is a mess diminishing.
The effect that it would have on a woman who respects him and wants, you know,
she just thinks he's our friend. And next thing you know, he's got a Dick out.
Like I get it. I'm not, that's not what I'm saying.
It's a weird thing because you don't want, you, you,
those women were obviously very hurt and there's degrees of like, oh,
they texted this.
Or they said that to go out and do that to somebody in a powerful position and
come out and say it and know that you're going to get hate from the world.
They were in a place that they were hurt enough that they felt that they had to
say something and do something. Sure.
And you just want like on this personal level, you want them to be okay.
Right. You want everybody to be okay. You want them to be okay.
Feel like they had justice and for coming out,
being brave enough to come out and say something, you.
Also want to protect people from that happening again. Right.
And the only way, one of the only ways is like, you gotta kind of,
you know, this, there.
Was, there was a, there's definitely a feeling, uh, you know,
the comedy world is like separate and we're kind of like, you know,
it's a crazy environment and nightclub kind of a thing.
And what you heard when these, once these women came out was, no,
this is kind of inappropriate that girls women can
can't come into a club and just feel okay.
Like they have to field all this stuff and guys hitting on them all the time.
Like it kind of made you look at the scene and be like, all right,
maybe this scene could be cleaned up a little bit as well.
Well,
it's like what I was saying about really a worst version of working out at a gay
gym. It's like,
if you go to a gay gym and you see men Lear at you get that feeling that these
guys wanna have sex with you and you definitely don't want to have sex with
them. That is how women feel all the time. Yeah.
And you're coming to the comedy store or wherever.
And you're trying to just start out as a comic and try,
that's such a big thing already.
And then you throw a whole nother layer on it that everyone's hitting on you
from the doorman to the headliner. That's gotta be, uh,
a big thing. And it's like,
so I think that those women should feel good that it, it definitely,
they should, it made an impact.
They should know that they've been heard and that they,
they sh they shined a light on something that even people that were in it,
men that were in, it were unaware of, they were definitely heard.
It's very difficult for people to consider really objective,
consider other people's perspectives.
Like really.
People consider it in a convenient way. Like, you know,
like they know what they can get away with what they do.
They really consider how the other person feels and things. And you know,
and that's on both sides, hard, there's inconsiderate women,
there's inconsiderate men. And then, you know, we, we both do it to each other.
And then people develop bad traits and bad associations with the opposite sex.
And it's a very common thing that people do.
But I think situations where the discussion is
so emotionally charged,
like this it's good for us. It's good for us. It, it allows the, this,
this public discourse, it allows this public discussion.
Of it. Yeah. Yeah. And, and there hasn't.
Been like, you know, people that,
that have gotten hurt by that have come out and said it like in our scene where
they're like nice people and they've been attacked. It was very few,
but it was like, Hey, there's some big,
important people in this scene and they're acting inappropriately. And then,
you know, you're right. I think it's good.
It's definitely woken up and moved it further. Right. I have a funny daughter.
I know you have a funny daughter who knows if they see our life and want to go
pursue it,
you want them to be able to go to a club and not have to deal with a whole
nother it's enough when you're starting out to get five minutes of good material
and to get the audience, to like you and get the respect of your peers,
then you got to have worry about someone following you in the,
in the parking lot.
I have a friend of mine, who's a comic.
And she got hit on by this other guy who is a comic who shall remain nameless.
And, uh, she showed me some of the texts that he sent her. And I was like, holy.
All right. And one of them was like,
I'm the only one that can make you calm or something crazy like that. Geez.
Yeah. It's a, Hey bro. Yeah. But.
So then it comes down to, okay, so these women were heard,
obviously it's created a, a movement, you know,
but then it becomes on the other side, it becomes about,
but did this man's was he punished enough?
And do we have control over whether or not he's allowed to come back to as an
audience? Oh.
Like for a woman, like the,
the thing about a guy being angry with you that carries that threat of physical
danger, you know, that's a different thing.
I know. I was thinking I was on a hike the other day,
and I was thinking about that fine line at the end of the night in a bar,
those meat head guys were trying to like hit on girls. And when it doesn't work,
they decide, they're just going to fight instead,
know that they're going to fight guys. Like, that's a,
that's a fine line between, you know what I mean?
They're both almost violent acts.
It's like aggressively hitting on women and being like,
it's not going to happen. Well, screw it.
I don't like the way that guy's been looking at. I think it's just frustration,
but, you know, but,
but for looking at a male, doing that,
like it is an aggressive, this is an aggressive animal here.
And he one man that he could have been,
I could have said yes and brought him home with me where he said no,
and now he's punching that guy in the parking lot. That happened though.
Common narrative don't get laid.
They try to hit on girls and they just beat the out of each other.
Yeah. It seems like it happens all those checks.
It seems like it happens all the time.
Oh, there's sex in my body.
And you can [inaudible], you know, when you were walking down the.
In the, even in the village,
you're walking down the street and it's just like an angry frat group of guys,
just like, like raging.
Drunk, you know, they were trying to get laid and minutes earlier, male.
So my point, my point being that there's manner formidable,
the Granger's gross creatures and they're big and they're hairy. Yeah.
That's why.
The 7 billion people cause men are gross and they should lows in each other.
Everybody's shooting lows. And the people.
Especially at your weightlifting gym. I had a friend, I had a gay friend in,
um, in New York and that, what was the name of that gym there?
David Barton or something like that, whatever Barton,
it's like some kind of health club in New York. And it was, it was, uh,
it was mostly gay men. And my, my friend said, he said, no,
you don't understand. It's really. I mean, it's to the point where,
when you're working out on a machine,
there are pin lights that come right down on your bicep. Like there,
the lighting is made to make you look sexier with, while you're working out.
He said it was the greatest gym of all time.
They have like specific kind of lighting to Excel
curling machine. Right now there'd.
Be a light that came from the ceiling, like that hits where your bias.
To make the shadows and make the peaks look bigger. Yeah.
So it's about sex.
Yeah. You're working out.
Well, if you go to a regular gym, you see people hitting on each other all.
The time. Yeah. Yeah, of.
Course. Where is that? It Barton gym.
The one in Chelsea. Doesn't that.
Look sexy? Yeah. Look at that.
Tumbles. It's sexy. What is that? That looks like a bar. What is that? Oh,
that was a machine.
Cardio machines. Yeah. How weird sex is a weird thing.
It is.